hi I'm raw food chef Tracy Walker and
today I'm going to show you how to make
coconut macaroons for the hot raw chef
five and five recipe contest alright
let's get started we're going to have
four main ingredients of raw almonds raw
cashews a cup and a half of coconut
flakes and maple syrup and for
additional ingredients of organic
coconut oil and land pink crystal salt
in almond and vanilla extracts we're
going to start out by taking our cup
each of cashews and almonds and putting
them in the freezer to make our raw
flour we're going to grind this for
about 30 seconds
as I mentioned you could also use a
coffee grinder because it will grind
them very finely but because we have a
copy each of the almonds and cashews it
works best in a large capacity food
processor like this so we're going to
dump this in our medium sized mixing
bowl and to this combination of flour
we're going to add our cup and a half of
coconut flakes and also a half a
teaspoon of our sea salt now these are
our four dry ingredients just as if you
were making your standard type of
cooking and to the four ingredients dry
ingredients we're going to add our next
four wet ingredients so first we'll add
our half a cup of maple syrup I like to
buy the grade be organic which you can
find at most health food stores this is
going to be our sweetener and i would
suggest sticking to the maple syrup you
can there's lots of different natural
sweeteners out there but the maple syrup
really gives it a strong flavor to the
kept to the macaroon that you really
can't replace with anything else next
we're going to mix then a fourth a cup
of organic coconut oil this adds a lot
of greenness and really an only a fourth
a cup brings out a lot of the flavor as
well and lastly we're going to add a
half a teaspoon each of the vanilla and
almond extract
now we're going to stir this extra
together so this very simple recipe you
can make all your only appliance is
going to be your food processor and if
you don't have a food processor you can
use a coffee grinder but like I said
you'd have to do it in several batches
to grind up the the nuts so it goes very
quickly in a multiprocessor and as I'm
mixing this I can really smell that
almond and vanilla extract your maple
syrup very fragrant and this recipe
makes about 20 macaroons that is if you
don't eat most of the dough first which
is very hard not to do okay once it's
fairly well mixed which you can tell it
looks like your standard cookie dough
without all the bad stuff and we're
going to add it to our left leg sheet
here so I have the tough luck street on
top of the mesh screen and the reason
we're doing that is because there's a
lot of moisture in here with a coconut
oil and maple syrup and we don't want to
lose that because it really tastes best
very moist so we're going to keep it on
the tough luck sheet so we're going to
pile them right here make little mounds
using our cookie scoop if you don't have
a cookie scoop you can always use a
spoon but if you have one it makes for a
very nice shape and so then I'm just
kind of put a few on there we're going
to come over here and we're going to put
it into our dehydrator and you'll have
to take out one one shelf there so they
fit and we're going to turn it to 112
degrees for approximately eight hours
and then eight hours later we're going
to take them out
have these delicious coconut macaroons
so please vote for me at Top Chef com
I've in five contests thank you very
much